Recommend FLU orientation for new PROTOs (#2864)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/proto-design-guidelines.md

> **Note**: The PROTO file name should match exactly the PROTO name.
For example the `SmallWoodenChair` PROTO should be defined in a file named `SmallWoodenChair.proto`.

### Orientation

PROTO nodes should be oriented in a way they appear nicely in a ENU coordinate system (which is the default in [WorldInfo](worldinfo.md)).

> If an object has a front, back, right and left side, like a TV set, a rubber duck or a robot, it should be oriented using the FLU system: Forward direction along the positive X-axis, Left direction along the positive Y-axis and Up direction along the positive Z-axis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an object has at least two sides defined (for example up and front) it should be oriented using the FLU system:
- **F**orward direction along the positive X-axis,
- **L**eft direction along the positive Y-axis, and 
- **U**p direction along the positive Z-axis.
Typical candidates for the FLU orientation are a TV set, a rubber duck, or a robot.
```
A bit cleaner.
